Operator documentation on installation and configuration of gardener-syncer (#71)
kyma-project/gardener-syncer: docs/operator/configuration.md

# Gardener Syncer Configuration

## Configuration Parameters

The table below describes parameters exposed as user configuration to customize the Gardener Syncer job:

| Parameter    | Description                                                                                              |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **logLevel** | Logging level for the application. Possible values are `INFO`, `DEBUG`.                                  |
| **schedule** | Cron schedule for the job. This defines how often the job will run to fetch the Seed data from Gardener. |

## Helm chart configuration

It configures the Gardener Syncer job and its dependencies.

> Besides two parameters described above that can be possibly overriden, the user generally should not modify the internal Helm chart configuration.  

Author: Added two more sentences why user should not modify default config

| **converterConfig.name**            | Name of the ConfigMap containing the Gardener shoot converter configuration file. (default `"infrastructure-manager-converter-config"`)                                                                          |
| **converterConfig.mountPath**       | Mount path for the Gardener shoot converter configuration file inside the Gardener Syncer job pod. This is where the configuration file will be accessible (default `"/converter-config"`)                       |
| **converterConfig.key**             | The key in the ConfigMap that contains the Gardener shoot converter configuration file. This is the specific entry in the ConfigMap that holds the configuration (default `"converter_config.json"`)             |
| **converterConfig.path**            | The file path where the Gardener shoot converter configuration file will be mounted inside the Gardener Syncer job pod (default `"/converter-config/converter_config.json"`)                                     |

> | **serviceAccount.create**           | Whether to create a service account for the Gardener Syncer job. If set to `true`, a service account will be created (default `true`)                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **serviceAccount.create**           | Determines whether to create a service account for the Gardener Syncer job. If set to `true`, a service account is created (default `true`)                                                                            |
```

> | **serviceAccount.name**             | Name of the service account to be used by the Gardener Syncer job. If not specified, If not set and create is true, a name will be generated (default `"gardener-syncer"`)                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **serviceAccount.name**             | Name of the service account to be used by the Gardener Syncer job. If not specified, if not set, and create is `true`, a name is generated (default `"gardener-syncer"`)                                       |
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Program Arguments

The Gardener Syncer application accepts several command-line arguments that can be used to customize its behavior. 
These arguments are set in the Helm chart and can be overridden by user configuration. 

> The table below describes the available arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the available arguments:
```

| Argument                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **--gardener-timeout**            | Timeout of the Gardener API call. This timeout is used to cancel the API call if it takes longer than the specified duration (default `5s`)                                     |

> | **--converter-config-filepath**   | File path to the gardener shoot converter configuration. (default `"/converter-config/converter_config.json"`). The file is mounted to the pod as a volume from the config map. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--converter-config-filepath**   | File path to the gardener shoot converter configuration. (default `"/converter-config/converter_config.json"`). The file is mounted to the Pod as a volume from the ConfigMap. |
```

> | **--gardener-kubeconfig-path**    | File path to the kubeconfig file providing access to Gardener Cluster where seed information is present. The file is mounted to the pod as a volume from the secret.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--gardener-kubeconfig-path**    | File path to the kubeconfig file providing access to the Gardener Cluster where seed information is present. The file is mounted to the Pod as a volume from the secret.            |
```

> | **--gardener-seed-map-name**      | Name of the output ConfigMap where the region seed data will be stored. This ConfigMap is used to cache the Seed data fetched from Gardener (default `"gardener-seeds-cache"`)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--gardener-seed-map-name**      | Name of the output ConfigMap where the region seed data is stored. This ConfigMap is used to cache the Seed data fetched from Gardener (default `"gardener-seeds-cache"`)  |
```

> | **--gardener-seed-map-namespace** | Namespace of the ConfigMap where the Gardener Seed region data will be stored. This ConfigMap is used to cache the Seed data fetched from Gardener (default `"kcp-system"`)     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--gardener-seed-map-namespace** | Namespace of the ConfigMap where the Gardener Seed region data is stored. This ConfigMap is used to cache the Seed data fetched from Gardener (default `"kcp-system"`)     |
```

> | **--log-level**                   | Logging level for the application. Possible values are `INFO`, `DEBUG`. This controls the verbosity of the logs generated by the application (default `"INFO"`)                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--log-level**                   | Logging level for the application. Possible values are `INFO` and `DEBUG`. This controls the verbosity of the logs generated by the application (default `"INFO"`)                 |
```
